l_english:
  iraq.1.t:0 "Iraqi-Anglo Treaty "
  iraq.1.d:0 "The [Root.GetName], [From.GetLeader] and Iraq have contacted us to establish a military technology agreement that will benefit our two nations mutually. The main proposal is the creation of new air doctrines and aircraft..."
  iraq.1.a:0 "We can take advantage of this..."
  iraq.1.b:0 "We will not give our secrets to these people!"
  iraq.2.t:0 "British Accept Iraq-Anglo Treaty"
  iraq.2.d:0 "Our negotiations with the [From.GetName] have been successful. An agreement has been reached where our nations will aid each other in the development of new aircraft units, with a possible extension to other research areas in the future."
  iraq.2.a:0 "This treaty will be a stepping stone to the future."
  iraq.3.t:0 "British Reject Iraq-Anglo Treaty"
  iraq.3.d:0 "The [From.GetName] has rejected our suggestion for a treaty aimed at advancing aircraft unit research in both countries, presumably fearing our superior weapons would be turned against them."
  iraq.3.a:0 "They have hardly diminished the risks of it now."
  iraq.4.t:0 "The King is Dead"
  iraq.4.d:0 "Our beloved King Ghazi I, died early this morning while driving his sports car, police said there was a malfunction in the vehicle's brakes, which eventually hit a wall. There are rumors that Nuri al-Said would have ordered the king's death because of his pro-Germany policy and his intentions to annex Kuwait, the police are still investigating."
  iraq.4.a:0 "What will become of us?"
  iraq.5.t:0 "Nationalization of The IPC"
  iraq.5.d:0 "Now with the nationalization of the IPC we have complete control over the country's oil extraction."
  iraq.5.a:0 "Just taking what is ours"
  iraq.6.t:0 "Assyrian Levies Join Royal Iraq Army"
  iraq.6.d:0 "Today is a day to be remembered, in official pronouncement King Ghazi I of Iraq apologized to the Assyrian people. In addition, the government will indemnify all families and build new homes for them. With this many Assyrians serving in the British ranks eventually resigned and entered the army of your majesty."
  iraq.6.a:0 "A big step for a united Iraq"
  iraq.7.t:0 "Bakr Sidqi Assasination"
  iraq.7.d:0 "n August 1937, while en route to Turkey, Sidqi was assassinated in the garden of one of the air force bases in Mosul along with Mohammad 'Ali Jawad, the commanding officer of the Royal Iraqi Air Force. Both Sidqi and Jawad were sent as part of a military mission by the Iraqi government in response to an invitation from the Turkish government. Sidqi had stopped in Mosul on August 11 on the way to Turkey to spend the afternoon with Jawed when a soldier named Muhammad 'Ali Talla'fari opened fire, instantly killing both men. The bodies of both men were flown to Baghdad the following day and buried with full military honors."
  iraq.7.a:0 "Rest in peace"